Abundance flows freely through me.
Each day, I am growing stronger.
Even on days when I don’t make much progress, I am constantly learning. On other days, I make amazing progress toward my goals.
Every experience I have is perfect for my growth.
I always see the best in others.
I always see the best in others.
I am a quick, capable learner.
I am beautiful and everybody loves me.
I am consistent in the things that I say and do.
I am consistent in the things that I say and do.
I am determined and I aim for the stars.
I am good enough, and I am fine with just being me.
I am in charge of how I live each day.
I am kind and good to the person I see in the mirror.
I am liberating myself from fear, judgment, and doubt.
I am not afraid to keep going, and I believe in myself.
I am on a journey, ever growing and developing.
I am on a journey, ever growing and developing.
I am resilient and can handle problems with expertise.
I am safe, and everything is good in my world.
I am unique and beautiful.
I am working every day on the best me that I can be.
I appreciate my school, teachers, and classmates because they all play a role in helping me grow to be a better person.
I believe in myself as a person and I believe in all my capabilities.
I believe in who I am.
I believe in who I am.
I breathe, I am collected, and I am calm.
I choose only to think good thoughts.
I choose to rise above the hurtful things that might come my way.
I deserve to see myself as amazing.
I do my very best, and that’s great.
I do not need to rely on others' judgment for acceptance.
I feel glorious, dynamic energy. I am active and alive.
I forgive others for sometimes doing the wrong thing, and I forgive myself when I do the same.
I have come this far, and I am proud of myself.
I recognize that my negative thoughts are irrational, and I am now going to stop these fears.
I release negative feelings and thoughts about myself.
I release negative feelings and thoughts about myself.
I set high standards for my academic achievement. By putting in time and effort, I can accomplish what I set out to achieve.
I treat others with respect, and they treat me the same.
I was born strong, and I grow stronger every day.
If a few people don’t accept me, I’m fine with that.
I’m not going to be scared by a feeling.
Inside me, I feel calm, and nobody can disturb this peacefulness.
Life brings me only good experiences. I am open to new and wonderful changes.
My anxiety does not control my life. I do.
My self-esteem is high because I honor who I am.
Others respect me for following my own beliefs.
These are just thoughts. Only I determine the way I choose to feel.
This is just one moment in my life, and it does not define who I am.
This is just one moment in time.
This is one isolated moment, not my entire life. Things will get better.
Today I create a wonderful day and a wonderful new future.
Today, I am going to tackle everything bravely and with confidence.
Today, I am going to trust myself and my instincts.
Whatever difficulties come my way, I have the power to overcome them.
When I get a bad grade, I am motivated to do better.